+++
date = "2016-03-29T16:47:02+11:00"
draft = true
title = "Privacy Policy"
description = "Policy regarding privacy of users of the website"
article_html = "<p> Recipe Shelf (\"us\", \"we\", or \"our\") operates the <a href=\"https://recipeshelf.com.au\">https://recipeshelf.com.au</a> website (the \"Service\"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. </p> <p> <strong> We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. </strong> <span>Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible at <a href=\"http://www.recipeshelf.com.au/Home/TermsOfService\">https://recipeshelf.com.au</a>.</span> </p> <h5>Information Collection And Use</h5> <p> While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your email address (\"Personal Information\"). </p> <h5>Log Data</h5> <p> We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (\"Log Data\"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (\"IP\") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. </p> <p> In addition, we may use third party services such as <a href=\"https://amplitude.com/home\">Amplitude Analytics</a> that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own <a href=\"https://amplitude.com/privacy\">privacy policies</a> addressing how they use such information. </p> <h5>Cookies</h5> <p> Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. </p> <p> We use \"cookies\" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. </p> <h5>Service Providers</h5> <p> We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. </p> <p> These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. </p> <h5>Communications</h5> <p> We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. </p> <h5>Amazon Associates Program</h5> <p> Recipe Shelf is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. </p> <h5>Compliance With Laws</h5> <p> We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service. </p> <h5>Security</h5> <p> The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. </p> <h5>International Transfer</h5> <p> Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. </p> <p> Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. </p> <h5>Links To Other Sites</h5> <p> Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. </p> <p> We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. </p> <h5>Children's Privacy</h5> <p> Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (\"Children\"). </p> <p> We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. </p> <h5>Changes To This Privacy Policy</h5> <p> This Privacy Policy is effective as of 6 December 2015 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. </p> <p> We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. </p> <p> If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website. </p> <h5>Contact Us</h5> <p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please <a href=\"mailto:support@recipeshelf.com.au\">contact us</a>.</p>"
+++
